hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to make one of the most famous Persian
starters called Mirza SME it originates
from the north of Iran and you only need
a handful of ingredients first thing you
want to do is cook your uber genes on a
gas hob and when the skin starts to burn
it releases smoke giving the aubergines
a unique smoky taste however if you do
not have a gas hope you can use a
barbecue or a grill or even cook your
origins in the oven make sure the skins
are on as you can see my aubergine has
started to release a liquid and now I
know it's completely cooked
I put it ends cold water making it a lot
easier to peel the skin once I peeled
the skin I'll make sure I squeeze all
the extra liquid out and I will rinse
the aubergines under a cold tap making
sure all the skin is off and again I'll
squeeze the liquid at the next step is
to chop up your aubergine into the pan X
that is the garlic the smoky taste of
the aubergines mixed with the garlic is
unbeatable I'm using some dried garlic
however you can use a freshly minced
garlic instead then I'm going to add my
seasoning which are simply just salt
pepper and turmeric and add your chopped
tomatoes and mix well you can use the
fresh tomatoes with a little added water
then you want to put it on medium heat
and let it simmer until all the liquid
is absorbed well this is happening I am
going to break my eggs in a separate
bowl and mix them well until a batter is
formed once you have cooked down the
music or semi- took about 30 minutes you
add the eggs to the pan make sure you do
not stir and you put the lid back on and
allow
the eggs to fully cook after your eggs
look like this cake they'll take the lid
off and stir well incorporating
everything then add some more oil to
this dish and stir again making sure the
oil is spread through evenly you can
serve your musicals to me with any bread
of your choice Iranians prepare a
flatbread or you can serve it with
Persian bright joy this dish you can
find all the exact measurements down
below and please subscribe and like my
videos thank you